2015年12月英语四级真题
　Part I 　Writing               
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the saying ‘Learning is a daily experience and a lifetime mission.” You can cite examples to illustrate the importance of lifelong learning. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.
Part II           Listening Comprehension   
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer.  Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Section A
1.
They admire the courage of space explorers.
They enjoyed the movie on space exploration.
They were going to watch a wonderful movie.
They like doing scientific exploration very much.
2.
At a gift shop.
At a graduation ceremony.
In the office of a travel agency.
In a school library.
3.
He used to work in the art gallery.
He does not have a good memory.
He declined a job offer form the art gallery.
He is not interested in any part-time jobs.
4.
Susan has been invited to give a lecture tomorrow.
He will go to the birthday party after the lecture.
The woman should have informed him earlier.
He will be unable to attend the birthday party.
5.
Reward those having made good progress.
Set a deadline for the staff to meet.
Assign more workers to the project.
Encourage the staff to work in small groups.
6.
The way to the visitor’s parking.
The rate for parking in Lot C.
How far away the parking lot is.
Where she can leave her car.
7.
He regrets missing the classes.
He plans to take the fitness classes.
He is looking forward to a better life.
He has benefited form exercise.
8.
A. How to ? work efficiency.
B. How to select secretaries.
C. The responsibilities of secretaries.
D. The secretaries in the man’s company.
Conversation 1
9.
It is more difficult to learn than English.
It is used by more people than English.
It will be as commonly used as English.
It will eventually become a world language.
10.
It has words words from many languages,
Its popularity with the common people.
The influence of the British Empire.
The effect of the Industrial Revolution,
11.
It includes a lot of words form other languages.
It has a growing number of newly coined words,
It can be easily picked up by overseas travellers.
It is the largest among all languages in the world.
Conversation 2
12.
To return some goods.
To apply for a job.
To place an order.
To make a complaint.
13. He has become somewhat impatient with the woman.
He is not familiar with the  exact details of goods.
He has not worked in the sales department for long.
He works on a part-time basis for the company.
14.
It is not his responsibility.
It will be free for large orders.
It costs 15 more for express delivery.
It depends on a number of factors.
15.
Report the information to her superior.
Pay a visit to the saleswoman in charge.
Ring back when she comes to a decision.
Make inquiries with some other companies.
Section B
Directions:In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet I with a single line through the centre.
Passage 1
16.
No one knows exactly where they were ??
No one knows for sure when thy came into being.
No one knows for what purpose they were ?
No one knows what they will ?????
17.
Carry ropes across rivers.
Measure the speed of wind.
Pass on secret messages.
Give warnings of danger.
18.
To protect houses against lightning.
To test the effects of the lightning rod.
To find out the strength of silk for kites.
To prove the lightning is electricity.
Passage 2
19.
She enjoys teaching languages,
She can speak several languages,
She was trained to be an interpreter.
She was born with a talent for languages.
20.
They acquire an immunity to culture shock.
They would like to live abroad permanently.
They want to learn as many foreign languages as possible.
They have an intense interest in cross-cultural interactions.
21.
She became an expert in horse racing.
She got a chance to visit several European countries.
She was able to translate for a German sports judge.
She learned to appreciate classical music.
22.
Taste the beef and give her comment.
Take part in a cooking competition.
Teach vocabulary for food in ??
Give cooking lessons on ????
Passage 3
23.
He had only a third-grade education.
He once threatened to kill his teacher.
He grew up in a poor ???
He often helped his ???
24.
Careless.
Stupid.
Brave.
Active.
25.
Write two book reports a week.
Keep a diary.
Help with housework.
Watch education??
　　Section C
　　Directions:In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written. 　　When you look up at the night sky, what do you see? There are other… besides the moon and stars. One of the most 27___ of the …Comets were formed around the same time the Earth was formed. …and other frozen liquids and gases. 29___ these “dirty snow…” just as the planets do.
　　As a comet get closer to the sun, some gases in it begin to unfreeze… particles form the comet to form a huge cloud. As the comet gets … wind blows the cloud behind the comet, thus forming its tail. The tail… (模糊的) atmosphere around a comet are 32____ that can help… in the night sky.
　　In any given year, about a dozen known comets come close to … average person can’t see them all, of course. Usually there is only one … to be seen with 34___ eye. Comet Hale-Bopp, discovered… bright comet. Its orbit brought it 35___ close to the Earth, … But Hale-Bopp came a long way an its earthly visit. It won’t be back…or so.
　Questions 36 to 45 are based on the following passage.
　　Children do not think the way adults do. For most of the first yearof life, if something is out of sight, it’s out of mind. if you cover a baby’s__36__toy with a piece of cloth, the baby thinks the toy has disappeared andstops looking for it. A 4-year-old man__37__, that a sister has more fruitjuice when it is only the shapes of the glasses that differ, not the __38__ ofthe juice.
　　Yet children are smart in their own way. Like good little scientists,children are always testing their child-sized __39__ about how things work.When your child throws her spoon on the floor for the sixth time as you try tofeed her, and you say, “That’s enough! I will not pick up your spoon again!”the child will__40__ test your claim. Are you serious? Are you angry? What willhappen if she throws the spoon again? She is not doing this to drive you__41__;rather, she is learning that her desires and yours can differ, and thatsometimes those__42__ are important and sometimes they are not.
　　How and why does children’s thinking change? In the 1920s, Swisspsychologist Jean Piaget proposed that children’s cognitive abilities unfold__43__,like the blooming of a flower, almost independent of what else is__44__ intheir lives. Although many of his specific conclusions have been__45__ ormodified over the years, his ideas inspired thousands of studies byinvestigators all over the world.
　　A) advocate B) amount C) confirmed 
　　D) crazy E) definite F) differences 
　　G) favorite H) happening I) immediately 
　　J) naturally K) obtaining L) primarily 
　　M) protest N) rejected O) theories
Section B
　　Directions:In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the question by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
　　The Perfect Essay 
　　A) Looking back on too many yearsof education, I can identify one truly impossible teacher. She cared about me,and my intellectual life, even when I didn’t. Her expectations were highimpossibly so. She was an English teacher. She was also my mother. 
　　B) When good students turn in anessay, they dream of their instructor returning it to them in exactly the samecondition, save for a single word added in the margin of the final page:”Flawless.” This dream came true for me one afternoon in the ninth grade. Ofcourse, I had heard that genius could show itself at an early age, so I wasonly slightly taken aback that I had achieved perfection at the tender age of14. Obviously, I did what any professional writer would do; I hurried off tospread the good news. I didn’t get very far. The first person I told was mymother. 
　　C) My mother, who is just shy offive feet tall, is normally incredibly soft-spoken, but on the rare occasionwhen she got angry, she was terrifying. I am not sure if she was more upset bymy hubris(得意忘形) or by the fact that my Englishteacher had let my ego get so out of hand. In any event, my mother and her redpen showed me how deeply flawed a flawless essay could be. At the time, I amsure she thought she was teaching me about mechanics, transitions(过渡), structure, style and voice. But what I learned, and what stuckwith me through my time teaching writing at Harvard, was a deeper lesson aboutthe nature of creative criticism. 
　　D) Fist off, it hurts. Genuinecriticism, the type that leaves a lasting mark on you as a writer, also leavesan existential imprint(印记) on you asa person. I have heard people say that a writer should never take criticismpersonally. I say that we should never listen to these people. 
　　E) Criticism, at its best, isdeeply personal, and gets to the heart of why we write the way we do. Theintimate nature of genuine criticism implies something about who is able togive it, namely, someone who knows you well enough to show you how your mentallife is getting in the way of good writing. Conveniently, they are also thepeople who care enough to see you through this painful realization. For me ittook the form of my first, and I hope only, encounter with writer’s block—I wasnot able to produce anything for three years. 
　　F) Franz Kafka once said:” Writingis utter solitude(独处), the descentinto the cold abyss(深渊) ofoneself. “My mother’s criticism had shown me that Kafka is right about the coldabyss, and when you make the introspective (内省的) decent that writing requires you are out always pleased by whatyou find.” But, in the years that followed, her sustained tutoring suggestedthat Kafka might be wrong about the solitude. I was lucky enough to find acritic and teacher who was willing to make the journey of writing with me. “Itis a thing of no great difficulty,” according to Plutarch, “to raise objectionsagainst another man’s speech, it is a very easy matter; but to produce a betterin its place is a work extremely troublesome.” I am sure I wrote essays in thelater years of high school without my mother’s guidance, but I can’t recallthem. What I remember, however, is how we took up the “extremely troublesome”work of ongoing criticism. 
　　G) There are two ways to interpretPlutarch when he suggests that a critic should be able to produce “a better inits place.” In a straightforward sense, he could mean that a critic must bemore talented than the artist she critiques(评论). My mother was well covered on this count. But perhaps Plutarch issuggesting something slightly different, something a bit closer to MarcusCicero’s claim that one should “criticize by creation, not by finding fault.”Genuine criticism creates a precious opening for an author to become better onthis own terms—a process that is often extremely painful, but also almostalways meaningful. 
　　H) My mother said she would helpme with my writing, but fist I had myself. For each assignment, I was write thebest essay I could. Real criticism is not meant to find obvious mistakes, so ifshe found any—the type I could have found on my own—I had to start fromscratch. From scratch. Once the essay was “flawless,” she would take an eveningto walk me through my errors. That was when true criticism, the type thatchanged me as a person, began. 
　　I) She criticized me when Iincluded little-known references and professional jargon(行话). She had no patience for brilliant but irrelevant figures ofspeech. “Writers can’t bluff(虚张声势) theirway through ignorance.” That was news to me—I would need to find another way tostructure my daily existence. 
　　J) She trimmed back my flowerylanguage, drew lines through my exclamation marks and argued for the value ofrestraint in expression. “John,” she almost whispered. I learned in to hearher:”I can’t hear you when you shout at me.” So I stopped shouting andbluffing, and slowly my writing improved. 
　　K) Somewhere along the way I setaside my hopes of writing that flawless essay. But perhaps I missed somethingimportant in my mother’s lessons about creativity and perfection. Perhaps thepoint of writing the flawless essay was not to give up, but to never willinglyfinish. Whitman repeatedly reworded “Song of Myself” between 1855 and 1891.Repeatedly. We do our absolute best wiry a piece of writing, and come as closeas we can to the ideal. And, for the time being, we settle. In critique,however, we are forced to depart, to give up the perfection we thought we hadachieved for the chance of being even a little bit better. This is the lesson Itook from my mother. If perfection were possible, it would not be motivating.
46. The author was advised against theimproper use of figures of speech. 
47. The author’s mother taught him avaluable lesson by pointing out lots of flaws in his seemingly perfect essay. 
48. A writer should polish his writingrepeatedly so as to get closer to perfection. 
49. Writers may experience periods of timein their life when they just can’t produce anything. 
50. The author was not much surprised whenhis school teacher marked his essay as “flawless”. 
51. Criticizing someone’s speech is said tobe easier than coming up with a better one. 
52. The author looks upon his mother as hismost demanding and caring instructor. 
53. The criticism the author received fromhis mother changed him as a person. 
54. The author gradually improved hiswriting by avoiding fact language. 
55. Constructive criticism gives an authora good start to improve his writing.
第一篇 
　　Could youreproduce Silicon Valley elsewhere, or is there something unique about it? 
　　It wouldn’t besurprising if it were hard to reproduce in other countries, because youcouldn’t reproduce it in most of the US either. What does it take to make aSilicon Valley? 
　　It’s the rightpeople. If you could get the right ten thousand people to move from SiliconValley to Buffalo, Buffalo would become Silicon Valley. 
　　You only needtwo kinds of people to create a technology hub （中心）:rich people and nerds （痴迷科研的人）. 
　　Observationbears this out. Within the US, towns have become startup hubs if and only ifthey have both rich people and nerds. Few startups happen in Miami, forexample, because although it’s full of rich people, it has few nerds. It’s notthe kind of place nerds like. 
　　WhereasPittsburg has the opposite problem: plenty of nerds, but no rich people. Thetop US Computer Science departments are said to be MIT, Stanford, Berkeley, andCarnegie-Mellon. MIT yielded Route 128. 　　Stanford and Berkeley yielded SiliconValley. But what did Carnegie-Mellon yield in Pittsburgh? And whathappened in Ithaca, home of Cornell University, which is also high on the list. 
　　I grew up inPittsburgh and went to college at Cornell, so I can answer for both. Theweather is terrible, particularly in winter, and there’s no interesting oldcity to make up for it, as there is in Boston. Rich people don’t want to livein Pittsburgh or Ithaca. So while there are plenty of hackers （电脑迷）who could start startups, there’s no one to invest in them. 
　　Do you reallyneed the rich people? Wouldn’t it work to have the government invest the nerds?No, it would not. Startup investors are a distinct type of rich people. Theytend to have a lot of experience themselves in the technology business. Thishelps them pick the right startups, and means they can supply advice andconnections as well as money. And the fact that they have a personal stake inthe outcome makes them really pay attention.
56. What do welearn about Silicon Valley from the passage? 
A) Its success is hard to copy any where else. 
B) It is the biggest technology hub in the US. 
C) Its fame in high technology is incomparable. 
D) It leads the world in information technology.
57. What makesMiami unfit to produce a Silicon Valley? 
A) Lack of incentive for investments. 
B) Lack of the right kind of talents. 
C) Lack of government support. 
D) Lack of famous universities.
58. In that wayis Carnegie-Mellon different from Stanford, Berkeley and MIT? 
A) Its location is not as attractive to rich people 
B) Its science department are not nearly as good 
C) It does not produce computer hackers and nerds 
D) It does not pay much attention to business startups
59. What doesthe author imply about Boston? 
A) It has pleasant weather all year round. 
B) It produces wealth as well as high-tech 
C) It is not likely to attract lots of investor and nerds. 
D) It is an old city with many sites of historical interest.
60. What doesthe author say about startup investors? 
A) They are especially wise in making investments. 
B) They have good connections in the government. 
C) They can do more than providing money. 
D) They are enough to invest in nerds.
　　第二篇 
　　It’s nice to have people of like mindaround. Agreeable people boost your confidence and allow you to relax and feelcomfortable. Unfortunately, that comfort can hinder the very learning that canexpand your company and your career.
　　It’s nice to have people agree, but youneed conflicting perspectives to dig out the truth. If everyone around you hassimilar views, your work will suffer from confirmation bias. (偏颇)
　　Take a look at your own network. Do youcontacts share your point of view on most subjects? It yes, it’s time to shakethings up. As a leader, it can be challenging to create an environment in whichpeople will freely disagree and argue, but as the saying goes: Fromconfrontation comes brilliance.
　　It’s not easy for most people to activelyseek conflict. Many spend their lives trying to avoid arguments. There’s noneed to go out and find people you hate, but you need to do someself-assessment to determine where you have become stale in your thinking. Youmay need to start by encouraging your current network to help you identify yourblind spots.
　　Passionate, energetic debate does notrequire anger and hard feelings to be effective. But it does require moralstrength. Once you have worthing opponents, set some ground rules so everyoneunderstands 　　responsibilities and boundaries. The objective of this debatinggame is not to win but to get to the truth that will allow you to move faster,and better.
　　Fierce debating can hurt feelings,particularly when strong personalities are involved. Make sure your check inwith your opponents so that they are not carrying the emotion of the battlesbeyond the battlefield. Break the tension with smiles and humor to reinforcethe idea that this is friendly discourse and that all are working toward acommon goal.
　　Reword all those involved in the debatesufficiently when the goals are reached. Let your sparring partners (拳击陪练) know how much you appreciate their contribution. The more theyfeel appreciated, the more they’ll be willing to get into the ring next time.
61.What happens when you have like-mindedpeople around you all the while? 
A) It will help your companyexpand more rapidly. 
B) It will be create a harmoniousworking atmosphere. 
C) It may prevent your businessand career from advancing. 
D) It may make you fell uncertainabout your own decision.
62.What does the author suggest leaders do? 
A) Avoid arguments with businesspartners. 
B) Encourage people to disagreeand argue. 
C) Build a wide and strongbusiness network. 
D) Seek advice from their worthycompetitors.
63.What is the purpose of holding a debate? 
A) To find out the truth about anissue. 
B) To build up people’s moralstrength. 
C) To remove misunderstandings. 
D) To look for worthy opponents.
64.What advice does the author give topeople engaged in a fierce debate? 
A) They listen carefully to theiropponents’ views. 
B) They slow due respect for eachother’s beliefs. 
C) They present their viewsclearly and explicitly. 
D) They take care not to hurt eachother’s feelings.
65.How should we treat our rivals after asuccessful debate? 
A) Try to make peace with them. 
B) Try to make up the differences. 
C) Invite them to the ring nexttime. 
D) Acknowledge their contribution.
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
　　云南省的丽江古镇是中国著名的旅游目的地之一。那里的生活节奏比大多数中国的城市都要缓慢。丽江到处都是美丽的自然风光，众多的少数民族同胞提供了各式各样，丰富多彩的文化让游客体验。历史上，丽江还以“爱之城”而闻名。当地人中流传着许多关于人生，为爱而死的故事。如今，在中外游客眼中，这个古镇被视为爱情和浪漫的天堂。（paradise）
作文：
　　For this part，you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essaycommenting on the saying "Learning is a daily experience and alifetime mission." You can cite examples to illustrate theimportance of lifelong learning“. You should write at least 120words but no more than 180 words.

2019年英语四级真题
Part Ⅰ Writing (30 minutes)

    Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a letter to a foreign friend who wants to learn Chinese. Please recommend a university to him. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.
Part Ⅱ Listening Comprehension (25 minutes)

    Section A
    Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
    Questions l and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
    1. A)Many facilities were destroyed by a wandering cow.
    B) A wandering cow knocked down one of its fences.
    C) Some tourists were injured by a wandering cow.
    D) A wandering cow was captured by the police.
    2. A) It was shot to death by a police officer.
    B) It found its way back to the park’s zoo.
    C) It became a great attraction for tourists.
    D) It was sent to the animal control department.
    Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
    3. A) It is the largest of its kind.
    B) It is going to be expanded.
    C) It is displaying more fossil specimens.
    D) It is staring an online exhibition.
    4. A)A collection of bird fossils from Australia.
    B) Photographs of certain rare fossil exhibits.
    C) Some ancient wall paintings from Australia.
    D) Pictures by winners of a wildlife photo contest.
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
    5. A) Pick up trash.
    B) Amuse visitors.
    C) Deliver messages.
    D) Play with children.
    6. A) They are especially intelligent.
    B) They are children’s favorite.
    C They are quite easy to tame.
    D) They are clean and pretty.
    7. A) Children may be harmed by the rooks.
    B) Children may be tempted to drop litter.
    C) Children may contract bird diseases.
    D) Children may overfeed the rooks.
    Section B
    Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
    Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
    8. A) It will be produced at Harvard University.
    B) It will be hosted by famous professors.
    C) It will cover different areas of science.
    D) It will focus on recent scientific discoveries.
    9. A)It will be more futuristic.
    B) It will be more systematic.
    C) It will be more entertaining.
    D) It will be easier to understand.
    10. A) People interested in science.
    B) Youngsters eager to explore.
    C) Children in their early teens.
    D) Students majoring in science.
    11. A) Offer professional advice.
    B) Provide financial support.
    C) Help promote it on the Internet.
    D) Make episodes for its first season.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
    12. A) Unsure.
    B) Helpless.
    C) Concerned.
    D) Dissatisfied.
    13. A) He is too concerned with being perfect.
    B) He loses heart when faced with setbacks.
    C) He is too ambitious in achieving goals.
    D) He takes on projects beyond his ability.
    14. A) Embarrassed.
    B) Unconcerned.
    C) Miserable.
    D) Resentful.
    15. A) Try to be optimistic whatever happens.
    B) Compare his present with his past only.
    C) Always learn from others’ achievements.
    D) Treat others the way he would be treated.
    Section C
    Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
    Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
    16. A) They have a stronger sense of social responsibility.
    B) They are more likely to succeed in the humanities.
    C) They are more likely to become engineers.
    D) They have greater potential to be leaders.
    17. A) Praise girls who like to speak up frequently.
    B) Encourage girls to solve problems on their own.
    c) Insist that boys and girls work together more.
    D) Respond more positively to boys’ comments.
    18. A) Offer personalized teaching materials.
    B) Provide a variety of optional courses.
    C) Place great emphasis on test scores.
    D) Pay extra attention to top students.
    Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
    19. A) It often rains cats and dogs.
    B) It seldom rains in summer time.
    C) It does not rain as much as people think.
    D) It is one of the most rainy cities in the US.
    20. A) They drive most of the time.
    B) The rain is usually very light.
    C) They have got used to the rain.
    D) The rain comes mostly at night.
    21. A) It has a lot of places for entertainment.
    B) It has never seen thunder and lighting.
    C) It has fewer cloudy days than any other coastal city.
    D) It has mild weather both in summer and in winter.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
    22. A) It occurs when people are doing a repetitive activity.
    B) It results from exerting one’s muscles continuously.
    C) It happens when people engage in an uncommon activity.
    D) It comes from staining one’s muscles in an unusual way.
    23. A) Blood flow and body heat increase in the affected area.
    B) Body movements in the affected area become difficult.
    C) They begin to make repairs immediately.
    D) They gradually become fragmented.
    24. A) About one week.
    B) About two days.
    C) About ten days.
    D) About four weeks.
    25. A) Apply muscle creams.
    B) Drink plenty of water.
    C) Have a hot shower.
    D) Take pain-killers.
Part Ⅲ Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)

    Section A
    Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
    Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
    Finally, some good news about airplane travel. If you are on a plane with a sick passenger, you are unlikely to get sick. That is the 26 of a new study that looked at how respiratory (呼吸道) viruses 27 on airplanes. Researchers found that only people who were seated in individual - had a high risk of catching the illness. All other passengers had only a very 28 chance of getting sick according to the findings. Media reports have not necessarily presented. 29 information about the risk of getting infected on an airplane in the past. Therefore , these new findings should help airplane passengers to feel less 30 to catching respiratory infections while traveling by air.
    Prior to the new study. litter was known about the risks of getting 31 infected by common respiratory viruses, such as the flu or common cold, on an airplane, the researchers said. So, to 32 the risks of infection, the study team flew on 10 different 33 in the US. 34 side of a person infected with fl, as well as those sitting one roe in font of or behind this individual, had about an 80 person chance of getting sick. But other passengers were 35 safe from infection. They had a less than 3 percent chance of catching the flu.
    A) accurate  B) conclusion   C) directly  D) either
    E) evaluate  F) explorations G) flights    H) largely
    I) nearby      J) respond        K) slim        L) spread
    M) summit   N) vividly           O) vulnerable
Section B
    Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
    A South Korean city designed for the future takes on a life of its own
    A) Getting around a city is one thing — and then there’s the matter of getting from one city to another. One vision of the perfect city of the future: a place that offers easy access to air travel.
    In 2011, a University of North Carolina business professor named John Kasarda published a book called Aerotropolis: The Way We’ll Live Next. Kasarda says future cities should be built intentionally around or near airports. The idea, as he has put it, is to offer businesses “rapid, long-distance connectivity on a massive scale.”
    B) “The 18th century really was a waterborne (水运的) century, the 19th century a rail century. the 20th century a highway, car, truck century一and the 21st century will increasingly be an aviation century, as the globe becomes increasingly connected by air,” Kasarda says. Songdo, a city built from scratch in South Korea, is one of Kasarda’s prime examples. It has existed for just a few years.“ From the get-go, it was designed on the basis of connectivity and competitiveness,”says Kasada. “The government built the bridge directly from the airport to the Songdo International Business District. And the surface infrastructure was built in tandem with the new airport.”
    C) Songdo is a stone’s throw from South Korea’s Incheon Airport, its main international hub (枢纽). But it takes a lot more than a nearby airport to be a city of the future. Just building a place as an “international business district” doesn’t mean it will become one. Park Yeon Soo conceived (构想) this city of the future back in 1986. He considers Songdo his baby. “I am a visionary,” he says. Thirty years after he imagined the city, Park’s baby is close to 70 percent built, with 36.000 people living in the business district and 90,000 residents in greater Songdo. It’s about an hour outside Seoul, built on reclaimed tidal flats along the Yellow Sea, There’s a Coast Guard building and a tall trade tower, as well as a park, golf course and university.
    D) Chances are you’ve actually seen this place. Songdo appears in the most famous music video ever to come ou of South Korea. “Gangnam Style” refers to the fashionable Gangnam district in Seoul. But some of the video was filmed in Songdo.“I don’t know if you remember, there was a scene in a subway station. That was not Gangnam. That was actually Songdo,” says Jung Won Son, a professor of urban development at London’s Bartlett School of Planning, “Part of the reason to shoot there is that it’s new and nice.”
    E) The city was supposed to be a hub for global companies, with employees from all over the world. But hat’s not how it has turned out. Songdo’s reputation is as a futuristic ghost town. But the reality is more complicated. A bridge with big, light-blue loops leads into the business district. In the center of the main road, there’s a long line of flags of the world. On the corner, there’s a Starbucks and a 7-Eleven--all of the international brands that you see all over the world nowadays.
    F) The city is not empty. There are mothers pushing strollers, old women with walkers -- even in the middle of the day. when it’s 90 degrees out. Byun Young-Jin chairs the Songdo real estate association and started selling property here when the first phase of the city opened in 2005. He says demand has boomed in the past couple of years. Most of his clients are Korean. In fact, the developer says, 99 percent of the homes here are sold to Koreans. Young families move here because the schools are great. And that’s the problem: Songdo has become a popular Korean city 一more popular as a residential area than a business one. It’s not yet the futuristic international business hub that planners imagined. “It’s a great place to live. And it’s becoming a great place to work,” says Scott Summers, the vice president of Gale International, the developer of the city. The floor-to-ceiling windows of his company’s offices overlook Songdo Central Park, with a canal full of kayaks and paddle boats. Shimmering (闪烁的)glass towers line the canal’s edge.
 G) “What’s happened is, because we focused on creating that quality of life first, which enabled the residents to live here, what has probably missed the mark is for companies to locate here,” he says. “There needs to be strong economic incentives.” The city is still unfinished, and it feels a bit like a theme park. It doesn’t feel all that futuristic. There’s a high-tech underground trash disposal system. Buildings are environmentally friendly. Everybody’s television set is connected to a system that streams personalized language or exercise classes.
    H) But Star Trek this is not. And to some of the residents, Songdo feels hollow. “I’m, like, in prison for weekdays. That’s what we call it in the workplace,” says a woman in her 20s. She doesn’t want to use her name for fear of being fired from her job. She goes back to Seoul every weekend. “I say I’m prison-breaking on Friday nights.” But she has to make the prison break in her own car. There’s no high-speed train connecting Songdo to Seoul, just over 20 miles away.
    I) The man who first imagined Songdo feels frustrated. too. Park says he built South Korea a luxury vehicle, “like Mercedes or BMW. It’s a good car now. But we’re waiting for a good driver to accelerate.”
    But there are lots of other good cars out there, too. The world is dotted with futuristic, high-tech cities trying to attract the biggest international companies
    J) Songdo’s backers contend that it’s still early, and business space is filling up—about 70 percent of finished offices are now occupied. Brent Ryan, who teaches urban design at MIT, says Songdo proves a universal principle. “There have been a lot of utopian (乌托邦的) cities in history. And the reason we don’t know about a lot of them is that a lot of them have vanished entirely.” In other words, when it comes to cities—or anything else—it is hard to predict the future.
    36. Songdo’s popularity lies more in its quality of life than its business attraction.
    37. The man who conceives Songdo feels disappointed because it has fallen short of his expectations.
    38. A scene in a popular South Korean music video was shot in Songdo.
    39. Songdo still lacks the financial stimulus for businesses to set up shop there.
    40. Airplanes will increasingly become the chief means of transportation, according to a professor.
    41. Songdo has ended up different from the city it was supposed to be.
    42. Some of the people who work in Songdo complain about boredom in the workplace.
    43. A business professor says that a future city should have easy access to international transportation.
    44. Acording to an urban design professor, it is difficult for city designers to foresee what happen in the future.
    45. Park Yeon So. Who envisioned Songdo, feels a parental connection with the city.
Section C
    Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
    Passage One
    Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
    The fifth largest city in the US passed a significant soda tax proposal that will levy (征税)1.5
    cents per liquid ounce on distributors.
    Philadelphia’s new measure was approved by a 13 to 4 city council vote. It sets a new bar for similar initiatives across the county. It is proof that taxes on sugary drinks can win substantial support outside super-liberal areas. Until now, the only city to successfully pass and implement a soda tax was Berkeley, California, in 2014.
    The tax will apply to regular and diet sodas, as well as other drinks with added sugar, such as Gatorade and iced teas. It’s expected to raise $410 million over the next five years, most of which will go toward funding a universal pre-kindergarten program for the city.
    While the city council vote was met with applause inside the council room, opponents to the measure, including soda lobbyists made sharp criticisms and a promise to challenge the tax in court.
    “The tax passed today unfairly singles out beverages—including low- and no-calorie choices,” said Lauren Kane, spokeswoman for the American Beverage Association. “But most importantly, it is against the law. So we will side with the majority of the people of Philadelphia who oppose this tax and take legal action to stop it.”
    An industry backed anti-tax campaign has spent at least $4 million on advertisements. The ads criticized the measure. characterizing it as a“grocery tax.”
    Public health groups applauded the approved tax as a step toward fixing certain lasting health issues that plague Americans. “The move to recapture a small part of the profits from an industry that pushes a product that contributes to diabetes, obesity and heart disease in poorer communities in order to reinvest in those communities will sure be inspirational to many other places,” said Jim Krieger, executive director of Healthy Food America. “Indeed, we are already hearing from some of them. It’s not just Berkeley’ anymore.”
    Similar measures in California’s Albany, Oakland, San Francisco and Colorado’s Boulder are becoming hot-button issues Health advocacy groups have hinted that even more might be coming.
    46. What does the passage say about the newly-approved soda tax in Philadelphia?
    A) It will change the lifestyle of many consumers.
    B) It may encourage other US cities to follow suit.
    C) It will cut soda consumption among low-income communities.
    D)It may influence the marketing strategies of the soda business.
    47. What will the opponents probably do to respond to the soda tax proposal?
    A) Bargain with the city council.
    B) Refuse to pay additional tax.
    C) Take legal action against it.
    D) Try to win public support.
    48. What did the industry-backed anti-tax campaign do about the soda tax proposal?
    A) It tried to arouse hostile feelings among consumers.
    B) It tried to win grocers’ support against the measure.
    C) It kept sending letters of protest to the media.
    D) It criticized the measure through advertising.
    49. What did public health groups think the soda tax would do?
    A) Alert people to the risk of sugar-induced diseases.
    B) Help people to fix certain long-time health issues.
    C) Add to the fund for their research on diseases.
    D) Benefit low-income people across the country.
    50. What do we learn about similar measures concerning the soda tax in some other cities?
    A) They are becoming rather sensitive issues.
    B) They are spreading panic in the soda industry.
    C) They are reducing the incidence of sugar-induced diseases.
    D)They are taking away lot of profit from the soda industry.
Passage Two
    Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
    Popping food into the microwave for a couple of minutes may seem utterly harmless, but Europe’s stock of these quick-cooking ovens emit as much carbon as nearly 7 million cars, a new study has found. And the problem is growing. With costs falling and kitchen appliances becoming “status” items, owners are throwing away microwaves after an average of eight years. This is pushing sales of new microwaves which are expected to reach 135 million annually in the EU by the end of the decade.
    A study by the University of Manchester calculated the emissions of CO2—the main greenhouse gas responsible for climate change—at every stage of microwaves, from manufacture to waste disposal. “It is electricity consumption by microwaves that has the biggest impact on the environment,” say the authors. The authors also calculate that the emissions from using 19 microwaves over a year are the same as those from using a car. According to the same study, efforts to reduce consumption should focus on improving consumer awareness and behaviour. For example, consumers could use appliances in a more efficient way by adjusting the time of cooking to the type of food.
    However, David Reay, professor of carbon management, argues that, although microwaves use a great deal of energy, their emissions are minor compared to those from cars. In the UK alone, there are around 30 million cars. These cars emit more than all the microwaves in the EU. Backing this up, recent data show that passenger cars in the UK emitted 69 million tons of CO2 in 2015. This is 10 times the amount this new microwave oven study estimates for annual emissions for all the microwave ovens in the EU. Further, the energy used by microwaves is lower than any other from of cooking. Among common kitchen appliances used for cooking, microwaves are the most energy efficient, followed by a stove and finally a standard oven. Thus, rising microwave sales could be seen as a positive thing.
    51. What is the finding of the new study?
    A) Quick-cooking microwave ovens have become more popular.
    B) The frequent use of microwaves may do harm to our health.
    C) CO2 emissions constitute a major threat to the environment.
    D) The use of microwaves emits more CO2 than people think.
    52. Why are the sales of microwaves expected to rise?
    A) They are becoming more affordable.
    B) They have a shorter life cycle than other appliances.
    C) They are getting much easier to operate.
    D) They take less time to cook than other appliances.
    53. What recommendation does the study by the University of Manchester make?
    A) Cooking food of different varieties.
    B) Improving microwave users’ habits.
    C) Eating less to cut energy consumption.
    D) Using microwave ovens less frequently.
54. What does Professor David Reay try to argue?
    A) There are far more emissions from cars than from microwaves.
    B) People should be persuaded into using passenger cars less often.
    C) The UK produces less CO2 than many other countries in the EU.
    D) More data are needed to show whether microwaves are harmful.
    55. What does Professor David Reay think of the use of microwaves?
    A) It will become less popular in the coming decades.
    B) It makes everyday cooking much more convenient.
    C) It plays a positive role in environmental protection.
    D) It consumes more power than conventional cooking.
Part Ⅳ Translation (30 minutes)

    Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
    中国家庭十分重视孩子的教育。许多父母认为应该努力工作，确保孩子受到良好的教育。他们不仅非常情愿为孩子的教育投资，而且花很多时间督促他们学习。多数家长希望孩子能上名牌大学。由于改革开放，越来越多的家长能送孩子到国外学习或参加国际交流项目，让其拓宽视野。通过这些努力，他们期望孩子健康成长，为国家的发展和繁荣做出贡献。
　　
